Sandvich Revert (Pre-Engineer Update) (#324)
rsedxcftvgyhbujnkiqwe/castaway-plugins: translations/reverts.phrases.txt

	{
		"en"	"Reverted to pre-WAR! Update, full stuns, stun victims receive 75%% damage, -30 max health, 15 sec ball recharge time"
	}
	"Sandvich_PreEngineer"
	{

> 		"en"	"Reverted to pre-engineer Update, heal yourself by eating or throwing sandvich, recharge sandvich by resupply cabinet or healthkits"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"en"	"Reverted to pre-Engineer Update, heal yourself by eating/throwing the Sandvich, can be eaten forever unless thrown which must then be recharged, can recharge via resupply cabinet or health kits"
```
